hi this is Brian with another mini
chapter from a philosophers notes this
one's called the ten principles of
optimal living from what I can see the
essence of optimal living comes down to
these 10 principles number one optimism
if we can't tame that crazy drunk monkey
in our mind and shape the contents of
our consciousness nothing else matters
period
number two purpose what inspires you
what's your Dharma your purpose your
highest calling living an authentically
awesome life requires creating an
empowering vision and keeping your eye
on your highest goal without losing
yourself on a manic holy-grail chase
number three self awareness from the
Oracle of Delphi and the Buddha to
modern science it's clear we've got to
know ourselves how well do you know
thyself
number four goals whether it's
meditating first thing tomorrow morning
or starting your business or family or
painting or whatever we've got to have
goals that inspire us number five action
all that's nice but we've got to follow
guru nike's advice and just do it are
you just doing it or are you just
talking about it
number six energy we're gonna have a
hard time reaching our potential if we
have a hard time getting out of bed or
getting out of debt are you honoring the
simple fundamentals of nutrition
exercise rejuvenation and money
number seven wisdom wisdom is all about
approaching life as our classroom and
looking at every moment as another
opportunity to live our ideals number
eight courage the word comes from
the Latin word for heart it's the virtue
that pumps blood to all the other
virtues without it none of this other
stuff matters so how's your courage pump
number nine love love love love how are
your relationships are you studying love
like you'd study a sport or a musical
instrument or a language you want to
master number 10 in Theo's God spirit
the universe whatever you call the force
that beats our hearts and keeps the
planets in line it's the center and
circumference of everything connecting
to it is a very good idea you plugged in
the 10 principles of optimal living the
book is essentially organized around
these principles and I'm excited to go
into detail and give you some big ideas
on each of them for now hope you enjoyed
and have an awesome day